[TASK] Explain string approval in Crowdin better (#6209)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/Localization/TranslationServer/Crowdin/Faq.rst

-------------------------------------------------

*   The translated strings are not approved. As an owner of the Crowdin project

>     (e.g. when you're the extension owner) or as proofreader you can approve

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    (for example when you're the extension owner) or as proofreader you can approve
```
according to the general rules of the Documentation Team
